hey Luke a million 890 making an green
anole care videos and I'll show you just
what you're annoying needs and I'm
here's a tank right now I'm using a ten
gallon tank which is recommended for one
green anole and right now my only I let
me try to get this I can't really catch
it anyway here's the cage um
right there
okay so basically it's just a ten gallon
aquarium I put some left I'll substrate
its tuneups house upstate but I can show
you one of them
it's this angle outside fiestar's called
eco nurse and I mix it up with more
reptile bark and it creates humidity in
the cage and it's a good substrate so I
put that in there I put artificial
plants on this side artificial plants on
that side one piece of driftwood and two
more pieces of driftwood and I'm using
that for hiding and climbing and um
here's a jungle vine the jungle vines
and that is also used for climbing and I
have my water bowl here and for the
water I change the water every day and
someone always will drink from a water
bowl but I change this water everyday
and I some special water dechlorinator
it's a water conditioner for reptile it
just um dechlorinate the water for your
reptile so um I'll explain to you about
the lighting if you guys are confused it
and here are the thermometers here's one
for the cool side of the tank use a
thermometer it's a digital thermometer
and you stick that inside the cage and
it tells the temperature so
you could also switch it to Celsius and
right now it's nighttime and this is a
unappropriate nighttime temperature
since the night temperature should be
around sixty or seventy five degrees
Fahrenheit and the lighting I'm using a
full-spectrum fluorescent fixture it's
UVA UVB and about that green anoles need
this or any reptile needs a UVB if they
are diurnal so this green anole needs
this um what's it called a fluorescent
bulb which is right there it's a fixture
it's UVA UVB without UVB without this
fixture the anole would get a disease
that's that is in the bones it's a bone
disease that actually can kill your
reptile so it's very important to have
this UV be fixture and yeah so you
should get one and it's also important
to have a basking spot lamp and right
now it's nighttime so um you know Lee I
don't know if you can see it's right and
there's someone and basking spot lamp
right here this nano Lee bass right
there does this basking spot and this is
the thermometer again for the basking
spot and the vesting spot should be
around 85 to 95 degrees so make that and
I'll talk to you guys about what the
Enola eat I feed my non-life crickets
which are in a small container camp
right here to give them water I give
them a silk tip sponge any sponge will
work a one of the sponges you guys used
to wash the dishes I just get one of
those Queens sponges a new one soak it
up put some water in there and for food
I'm using this blue clear high calcium
cricket food
and basically the feed here and only
what you do is you get a you get it back
and feel how much creek is here and all
you will eat and you put a small amount
of calcium
there's many reptile calcium available
this is called reptile that helps
through it helps good bone structure
Indian OE and you're supposed to cover
these crickets before you feed it with
this calcium it has twice a week and you
also have to dust these these mealworm
grayer they're live meal worms and they
they should be refrigerated they're in
there somewhere
see I can get one else on these live my
arms should be covered in the calcium
too if that's what you want to feed your
urine all youtube they should have a
variety of live insects like crickets
mealworms and Waxman's but I feed mine
mealworms and crickets and the calcium
is important too and you're supposed to
miss your green anole several times
during the day I use this mister I fill
it up with water and just simply spray
your are you and it it keeps moisture
and cage and um I don't have a
hydrometer but you can use a hydrometer
to keep the what's it called the
humidity level and it should be I think
seventy to eighty percent humidity in
the cage so this substrate also helps
keep humidity so that's what I use and I
turn the basking spot lamp off at night
I keep it on during daylight hours only
and you should get 10 to 12 hours of UVB
lighting for your green anole in order
to process healthy bone structure this
gives the anole all the calcium they
need
their bone so it's very important to
have the UVB light so this is just one
example of a cool green anole care video
hope you guys liked it hope it helps you
guys and thanks for watching dis
chameleons 890